.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BICON 1 "March 28, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
bicon_console \- a bidirectional console
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bicon_console [isocode]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bicon_console
is a console program that supports bidirectional text display, for languages like Arabic, Persian and Hebrew.

.B bicon_console
uses 
.B bicon(1)
to support the language after loading a suitable keymap and font.

.TP
isocode
The two letter ISO country code, in small letters. The default value is derived from the LANG currrent value.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Muhammad Alkarouri, of the Arabeyes project.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs at http://bugs.arabeyes.org/cgi-bin/bugzilla/index.cgi (and remember to imagine the ant there).

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 Arabeyes Project.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

