.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BICON 1 "March 28, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
bicon \- a bidirectional console
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bicon [isocode] [command [arguments...]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Bicon
is a console program that supports bidirectional text display, for languages like Arabic, Persian and Hebrew.

.B bicon
uses 
.B bicon.bin(1)
to do the real bidi/joining conversion after loading a suitable keymap and font.

While using
.B bicon
you can switch between Arabic and English, or between Persian and English, using the Alt-Shift key combination.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
isocode
The two letter ISO country code, in small letters.
If left empty, the derived value from the LANG variable is used
instead.

.TP
command
is executed by
.B bicon
after it loads. If omitted,
.B bicon
uses the current
SHELL
, or /bin/sh if
SHELL
is undefined.

.TP
arguments
are passed to the command to run.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables are utilized by
.B bicon
:

.TP
SHELL
If the variable
SHELL
exists, the shell forked by
.B bicon
will be that shell. If
SHELL
is not set, the Bourne shell is
assumed.  (Most shells set this variable automatically).

.TP
LANG
If isocode is not passed to
.B bicon
, it will examine LANG to determine the desired language.

.TP
TERM
Variable TERM is examined in case to determine how to set the keymap
and font.  Recognized values are linux and xterm currently.

.TP
DISPLAY
If the value of TERM is xterm, then DISPLAY is examined by
.B bicon
to find the X server to contant to load the keymap.

.El
.SH SEE ALSO
bicon.bin(1),
unicode_start(1),
unicode_stop(1),
loadkeys(1),
dumpkeys(1),
kbd_mode(1),
setfont(8),
setxkbmap(1),
xkbcomp(1).

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Muhammad Alkarouri, of the Arabeyes project.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs at http://bugs.arabeyes.org/.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 Arabeyes Project.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

