.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BICON 1 "March 14, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
bicon.bin \- bidirectional console layer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bicon.bin [command [arguments...]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bicon.bin
is a console program that supports bidirectional text display, for languages like Arabic, Persian and Hebrew.

.B bicon.bin
hooks into the I/O of the current console to display proper directed text using the Unicode BiDi algorithm. Proper directed here includes shaping and joining.

.B bicon.bin
does not load the keymap or font. Use 
.B bicon(1)
to get proper support for your BiDi language, including loading your keymap and font.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
command
is executed by
.B bicon.bin
after it loads. If omitted,
.B bicon.bin
uses the current SHELL, or /bin/sh if SHELL is undefined.

.TP
arguments
are passed to the command to run.


.SH ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables are utilized by
.B script
:

.TP
SHELL
If the variable SHELL exists, the shell forked by
.B bicon
will be that shell. If SHELL is not set, the Bourne shell is
assumed.  (Most shells set this variable automatically).


.SH SEE ALSO
bicon(1),
screen(1).


.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Muhammad Alkarouri, of the Arabeyes project.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs at
http://bugs.arabeyes.org/cgi-bin/bugzilla/enter_bug.cgi?product=BiCon.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 Arabeyes Project.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

